# Spam-detection-on-Amazon-products-reviews

The development in the field of electronic e-commerce has led to a revolutionary change in the trading process. People's perspective has shifted from traditional commerce to electronic commerce in recent years. In order to generate more visitors and increase sales, retailers have given their customers the opportunity to express their opinions about the product. As a result, reviews are being posted in large numbers. However, since there are no restrictions on posting reviews on an ecommerce website, some people write spam reviews. These people have ulterior motives and therefore their reviews are not genuine. In fact, it is not possible to detect and filter spam reviews manually. There needs to be a system that can detect such spam reviews in order to protect the interests of customers and maintain the true value of the product. The project makes a first attempt to study opinion spam in reviews and proposes a technique to identify spam reviews using sentiment analysis and statistics. To scale such algorithms to work with large data sets, we needed to distribute both the data and the computations across computer clusters. Apache Hadoop and Spark are two general-purpose frameworks that handle computation distribution and data storage. The system will be developed to separate reviews based on outlier aspects. First, we implemented the preprocessing part using Hadoop Map Reduce (Mrjob) and then used hashing TF - IDF and Logistic Regression in Spark.
